#!/bin/bash
echo "How to create a Live Ubuntu USB Drive with Persistent Storage"
echo "THIS IS THE STEPS"


echo "You’ll need a large enough USB drive to set up persistence. Ubuntu 
itself claims it needs 2 GB of storage on the USB drive, and you’ll also 
need extra space for the persistent storage. So, if you have a 4 GB USB 
drive, you can only have 2 GB of persistent storage. To have the maximum 
amount of persistent storage, you’ll need a USB drive of at least 6 GB 
in size"
echo "Unfortunately, the Rufus tool that Ubuntu officially recommends 
for 
creating live Ubuntu USB drives on Windows doesn’t offer support for 
creating systems with persistent storage. While we recommend using Rufus 
to create most Ubuntu live USB drives, we’ll have to use a different 
tool for this particular job."
echo "1.Download the Ubuntu ISO file you want to place on the USB drive 
and the Linux Live USB Creator application"
echo "2.Insert the USB drive you want to use into your computer’s USB 
port and launch the “LiLi USB Creator” application you just installed"

echo "3.Select the USB drive you want to use in the “Step 1: Choose Your 
Key” box"
echo "4.Provide your downloaded Ubuntu ISO file. Click the “ISO / IMG / 
ZIP” button under “Step 2: Choose a Source”, browse to the .ISO file on 
your computer, and double-click it"
echo "5.Use the options in the “Step 3: Persistence” section to select 
how much space your want to use for persistent storage on the USB drive. 
Drag the slider all the way to the right to select the maximum amount of 
storage"
echo "6.You’ve now configured all the settings you need to configure. To 
create your live USB drive with persistent storage, click the lightning 
icon under “Step 5: Create"
echo "7.Give the tool some time to create the drive. When the process is 
done, you’ll see a “Your LinuxLive key is now up and ready!” message. 
You can now either reboot your computer and boot from the USB drive or 
unplug the USB drive"
echo "8. last but not the least To confirm that persistent storage is 
working properly, boot the USB drive and create a folder on the desktop, 
or save a file to the desktop. Then, shut down your system and boot the 
live USB drive again. You should see the folder or file you placed on 
the desktop"
